feat: Add Druid 37.0.0 (#146)
stackabletech/druid-opa-authorizer: README.md

This project was tested against these Druid versions:

- 37.0.0 (LTS)
- 35.0.1 (Deprecated)

> - 30.0.1 (Deprecated)

Reviewer: IMHO only the SDP (and thus druid-operator) is concerned with things such as LTS releases and stuff. This plugin either works or doesn't. Wont block this though, feel free to resolve.
(same applies to comments in pom.xml)
```suggestion
- 37.0.0
- 35.0.1
- 30.0.1
```

Author: Done in 9cfc2d0

## Building

> This repository uses Maven and requires at least Java 11 to build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository uses Maven and requires at least Java 17/21 (depending on the Druid version) to build:
```

Author: Done in 9cfc2d0
